README.md, before:

# Monochromator

A simple **monochrome** theme for **Visual Studio Code**.

If you also get a **headache** from the **color fiasco** of mainstream color schemes, then this extension is **just for you**. Too many **colors distract** you from **thinking clearly**.

That's why this theme uses only **black**, **white**, **gray** and the color **blue** (which highlights URLs, literals, etc.). The only exception to this rule are the colors for the Git decorations and errors / warnings, which also use red, orange and green. Additionally, if you are working under GNOME, this theme will fit very well into the overall desktop environment.

Following **two variants** are included:

### Monochromator Dark

![Markdown Screenshot](images/screenshot_dark_markdown.png)

![Java Screenshot](images/screenshot_dark_java.png)

### Monochromator Light

![Markdown Screenshot](images/screenshot_light_markdown.png)

![Java Screenshot](images/screenshot_light_java.png)

## Installation

Make sure that the **npm package** `vsce` is installed. If not, do the following:

```sh
npm install -g vsce
```

Clone the repository:

```sh
git clone https://codeberg.org/beem/monochromator.git
cd monochromator
```

Build the `.vsix` file:

```sh
vsce package
```

> [!NOTE]
> Depending on your Visual Studio Code installation, the command `code` could also be `code-insiders`, `codium` or `codium-insiders`.

Install the extension:

```sh
code --install-extension monochromator-*.vsix
```

## License

Copyright © 2025 Josias Beem

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

docs: add "Download" section and change structure

README.md, after:

# Monochromator

A simple **monochrome** theme for **Visual Studio Code**.

If you also get a **headache** from the **color fiasco** of mainstream color schemes, then this extension is **just for you**. Too many **colors distract** you from **thinking clearly**.

That's why this theme uses only **black**, **white**, **gray** and the color **blue** (which highlights URLs, literals, etc.). The only exception to this rule are the colors for the Git decorations and errors / warnings, which also use red, orange and green.

Additionally, if you are working under **GNOME**, this theme will fit very well into the overall desktop environment.

Following **two variants** are included:

| Monochromator Dark                                           | Monochromator Light                                           |
| :----------------------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------: |
| ![Markdown Screenshot](images/screenshots/dark_markdown.png) | ![Markdown Screenshot](images/screenshots/light_markdown.png) |
| ![Java Screenshot](images/screenshots/dark_java.png)         | ![Java Screenshot](images/screenshots/light_java.png)         |

## Download

The extension can be downloaded from [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/beem/monochromator).

## Building from source

Make sure that the **npm package** `vsce` is installed. If not, do the following:

```sh
npm install -g @vscode/vsce
```

Clone the repository:

```sh
git clone https://codeberg.org/beem/monochromator.git
cd monochromator
```

Build the `.vsix` file:

```sh
vsce package
```

## Installation

⚠️ **Note:** Depending on your [Code - OSS](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode) distribution, the command `code` could also be named ...
- `codium` (VSCodium)
- `code-insiders` (Visual Studio Code Insiders)
- `codium-insiders` (VSCodium Insiders).

```sh
code --install-extension monochromator-*.vsix
```

## License

Copyright © 2025 Josias Beem

This project is licensed under the **MIT License** - see the `LICENSE` file for details.
